WIP Feat: Refactor notifications logic (#9)
dappforce/subsocial-squid: README.md

### Short info about indexer multi-chain structure

1. Chain configs/endpoints can be configured in `config.ts` file in appropriate folder of necessary chain:
   - Subsocial - `src/chains/subsocial/config.ts`
   - Soonsocial - `src/chains/soonsocial/config.ts`
2. Necessary events/calls/storage calls can be configured for each chain in appropriate file in `/typegen` folder.
3. Command `make typegen` uses custom [shel script](./scripts/typegen.sh) which generates types for each chain defined in `/typegen` folder.
4. Chain sensitive logic is implemented in sub-folder with appropriate name in `/src/chains` folder.
   It's required because each chain has it's own bunch of specs and as result it's own autogenerated types.
   Chain sensitive logic:
   - parsing events data
   - parsing calls data
   - making storage calls
5. Indexer can be deployed to Aquarium to 2 different squids with 2 separate deployment manifests:
   - Subsocial - [./squid-subsocial.yaml](./squid-subsocial.yaml)
   - Soonsocial - [./squid-soonsocial.yaml](./squid-soonsocial.yaml)

## Search API

> Indexer GraphQL API has search query (`searchQuery`) with various parameters for filtering and full text search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Indexer GraphQL API has a search query (`searchQuery`) with various parameters for full text search and filtering.
```

### Search query arguments:

> - `indexes?: <string>` [ _default:_ `all` ] - _search within all or specific index (`all | spaces | posts`)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `indexes?: <string>` [ _default:_ `all` ] - _search within all indices, or a specific index (`all | spaces | posts`)._
```

Reviewer: The plural of index is indices, so you should change it at the beginning of this line and wherever else it's referenced.

> - `limit?: <number>` [ _default:_ `10` ] - _number of search hits per page._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `limit?: <number>` [ _default:_ `10` ] - _the number of search reults per page._
```

> - `offset?: <number | null>` [ _default:_ `0` ] - _offset of search hits._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `offset?: <number | null>` [ _default:_ `0` ] - _the offset of the search results._
```

> - `q?: <string>` [ _default:_ `*` ] - _search query._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `q?: <string>` [ _default:_ `*` ] - _the search query._
```

> - `spaceId?: <string>` - _filter search hits by provided `spaceId`._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `spaceId?: <string>` - _filter the search results by the provided `spaceId`._
```

Reviewer: "hits" does work here, but I think results is a more common/understandable word

> - `tags?: <string[]>` - _filter search hits by provided tags._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `tags?: <string[]>` - _filter the search results by the provided tags._
```

> All arguments listed above can be used together in any combination, except `spaceId + indexes:spaces`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All arguments listed above can be used together in any combination, except for `spaceId + indexes:spaces`.
```

### Search query results:

> - `err` - _search error if occurred. Can be `null` is not occurred._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `err` - _the search result if an error occurred. It can be `null` if no error occurred._
```
Not entirely sure about the 2nd sentence

>   - `reason: <string>` - _text message of occurred error._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `reason: <string>` - _the text message of the error._
```

>   - `status: <number>` - _error status code._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `status: <number>` - _the status code of the error._
```

> - `hits` - _search results items list_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hits` - _The list of search results_.
```
Maybe rename this to `results`

>   - `_content` - _document source._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `_content` - _the source of the document._
```

>     - `name: <string>` - _value of field `name` (actual only for Space entity)._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `name: <string>` - _the value of the `name` field (actual only for Space entity)._
```
I don't understand what the part in the parentheses means in all of these lines.

Author: this field will have value only if search result is a `Space` (db entity)

>     - `about: <string>` - _value of field `about` (actual only for Space entity)._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `about: <string>` - _value of field `about` (actual only for Space entity)._
```
```suggestion
    - `about: <string>` - _the value of the `about` field (actual only for Space entity)._
```

>     - `username: <string>` - _value of field `username` (actual only for Space entity)._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `username: <string>` - _the value of the `username` field (actual only for Space entity)._
```

>     - `title: <string>` - _value of field `title` (actual only for Post entity)._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `title: <string>` - _the value of the `title` field (actual only for Post entity)._
```

>     - `body: <string>` - _value of field `body` (actual only for Post entity)._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `body: <string>` - _the value of the `body` field (actual only for Post entity)._
```

>     - `spaceId: <string>` - _value of field `spaceId` (actual only for Post entity)._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `spaceId: <string>` - _the value of the `spaceId` field (actual only for Post entity)._
```

>     - `tags: <string[]>` - _list of tags._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `tags: <string[]>` - _a list of the tags._
```

>   - `_id: <string>` - _document ID (equal to on-chain entity ID)._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `_id: <string>` - _the document ID (equal to the on-chain entity's ID)._
```

Reviewer: or equal to the entity's on-chain ID?

>   - `_index: <string>` - _index particular document is located in._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `_index: <string>` - _the index that a particular document is located in._
```

>   - `_score: <number>` - _search score of particular document._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `_score: <number>` - _the search score of a particular document._
```
a particular document or this specific document?

Author: this specific document?

> - `total` - _total metadata for particular search request._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `total` - _the total metadata for a particular search request._
```

>   - `limit: <string>` - _number of search hits per page, which has been used for this particular request._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `limit: <string>` - _number of search results per page that was used for this particular search request._
```

>   - `maxScore: <string>` - _maximum score within results scope of this particular search request._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `maxScore: <string>` - _the maximum score within the scope of this particular search's results._
```

>   - `offset: <string>` - _page offset, which has been used for this particular request._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `offset: <string>` - _the page offset that was used for this particular search request._
```

>   - `totalResults: <string>` - _total number of hits matched to this particular request._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `totalResults: <string>` - _the total number of results matched to this particular search request._
```

> More detailed information about search API schema structure you can find in appropriate [model file](./src/server-extension/models/elasticSearchQuery.model.ts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More detailed information about the search API's schema structure can be found in the appropriate [model file](./src/server-extension/models/elasticSearchQuery.model.ts).
```
